We wanted our project to follow the steps of a regular board game through displaying multiple html pages. To transfer to and from html pages, we mainly used buttons since they are easy for users to navigate and they worked well in the design. We tried to have some similarity between pages by making sure that the text was the same color and was centered. To do this, we created classes in our style.css file.

When a user clicks on our link they are met with a pop-up explaining what this game is. The reasoning behind this is that the user must read that they are about to play a game of CLUE in order to continue going through our website. After this pop-up, the user is automatically on the homepage where they can click to begin the game. We decided that buttons would be the easiest and most efficient way to get the users to different html pages.

Upon clicking the "Click to Begin" button, the user is redirected to a html page of their personal cards, which they will need to play the game. These are stored in a sql table and are associated with the user when they clicked on the button. When the "click to begin button is clicked, we use sqlite to randomly assign 6 cards to each player and set 3 cards as the winning cards. On this page, there is an opportunity to go to another page and see all of the possible game cards, which is important to the user in terms of succeeding in the game. There is also an opportunity to go to the game board. We designed the cards to look similar to physical cards, with rounded borders and shadows, as an artistic choice.

Our gameboard is laid out similar to the game board of CLUE, with multiple rooms and a 'pool' (University Hall) in the center. We decided that it would be easiest to have the different rooms be buttons, so that when the user clicked them they would be redirected to a page where they could place their guess.

On the page where the user can place their guess, there are two dropdowns, one for the user to select a weapon and one to select a person. The place is already chosen because it is the room they clicked, so the name of the room appears at the top of the page. The user then hits submit and is redirected to a new html page called reveal.html.

In reveal.html, the opposing player can select which card they would like to reveal to their opponent. There is text to tell them what the other player guessed, which is important to the strategy of the game, and there is text to explain what they are selecting. This instruction text was placed in part so that the user would know what to do if they had no cards to reveal. The dropdown allows the user to select a card that the opponent guessed that they have in their hand. The code determines which cards the user is able to reveal rather than let the user compare their cards so as to prevent cheating. After they submit, they are redirected to a buffer page.

The buffer page is for the first player to see what was revealed without having to talk to their opponent in person or watch the opponent make their selection on the reveal page, as this would be cheating. It also lets the players know that it is the next player's turn so they know that the first player's turn is over. On clicking submit, the user is redirected to "mycards" which is the same page that the user was redirected to after clicking the "click to begin" button. To keep track of which player's turn it is (so that the correct player's cards are shown) we use session["current_player"]. The current player can update when one player's turns ends and we need to show the other player's cards.

The players continue taking turns using the gameboard, making guesses, and revealing cards until one player selects the "pool" (university hall) so that they can make their final guess. Once a user selects this place from the gameboard, they are redirected to a page that allows them to select their final person, weapon, and place that they think is the answer. They click submit to end the game and see if they won or lost. If their selection matches the set of winning cards, they won. Else, they lost because they guessed wrong. The game ends for both players, and there is an option to start a new game which will redirect the players to the home page and reset the game.
